{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8600\viewh7940\viewkind0
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I use pure therapeutic grade essential oils and organic herbs to make my bath and body products. My soaps are made with natural or organic and sustainable oils that are good for your skin. My soaps are made with natural or organic and sustainable oils that are good for your skin.\
\
\
Sweet Basil Face and Body Cleanser\
This Shea butter and Olive oil based organic bar soap has sweet basil and petitgrain to impart a fresh summer scent. Moisturize your skin with this gentle formula. Without leaving a greasy residue.\
\
Tea Tree and Eucalyptus Cleanser\
This organic soap is packed with vitamin C to help even out skin tone and repair damage from the sun. Using this soap will cause a tingling sensation on the skin, helping to wake you up in the morning.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Is anyone interested in organizing a crafts fair event?\
Hi, everyone! My name is Rachel, and I hail from Lawrenceville. Some other makers and I have been talking about organizing an arts fair. This would be a great way for us to get ourselves known as makers around the Pittsburgh community and help fund some of the goals that we are trying reach. Does anyone have experience organizing events?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Fixing up the potholes around Pittsburgh\
The potholes in Pittsburgh are becoming a problem, especially in East Liberty. It's really affecting the ability to bike to the grocery store, and it's ruining the vehicles on the road. There have been multiple instances of car and bus damage. Please consider donation some of some of your profits to this cause. Do you think this is the most important issue we face in East Liberty?\
\
Seeking a gardener to fill my pots\
Hi everyone! If you check out my profile, you'll see that I am a potter! I'd love to meet someone that grows flowers or vegetables that would look nicely in my pots and vases. Anyone have a green thumb?\
\
\
SMALL BAMBOO WOVEN B\
This basket is very sturdy and can hold many things such as fruit or nuts or anything really. I m\
\
STAR SHAPED WOVEN BA\
Hello this basket is very special to me. I experimented with two tones of bamboo to weave this ba\
}